[New concept]: Binary, Octal, Hexdecimal (#3307)
exercism/python: concepts/binary-octal-hexadecimal/introduction.md

# binary, octal, hexadecimal

Binary, octal, and hexadecimal (_also known as hex_) are different [numeral systems][numeral-systems] with different bases.
Binary is base 2, octal is base 8, and hexadecimal is base 16.
Normal integers are base 10 in python.

> Binary, octal, and hexadecimal are all a subset of integers.
> Which means that they can only represent whole numbers and support all the operations that we can do with integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binary, octal, and hexadecimal literals are all considered `int` subtypes and Python automatically converts between them.
This means that they can only represent zero, positive, and negative numbers that do not have a fractional or decimal part.
Binary, octal, and hexidecimal numbers support all integer operations.
However, division (_as with ints_) will return a `float`.
```
